I was born in Umeå, Sweden 1981, and lived there until 1990 when I moved to Västerås. I had a happy childhood, even if I was shy. I read a lot of books, especially about animals. In Västerås I lived until I started university, I studied two years of Engineering Physics before moving to Uppsala where I continued the same studies, but with specialization in Systems Control and Signal Processing. I never finished my studies due to a difficulty with getting myself to transfer my courses from Västerås to the Uppsala system and also since I never did a thesis. I studied one year of Japanese in Stockholm and eventually moved there, and worked for my fathers company for many years but always struggling to work enough hours, though I didn't exactly have depression.
I started a self-realization journey starting 2015, I started working full time for the first time in a long while, did yoga every morning, moved to the Basque country and worked part time in a plant nursery and part time in my home office for my fathers company.
After a year I left the job and my girlfriend to pursue a more free life with the aim of building a music studio in an apartment. However I lost all my savings in an unfortunate investment, and I never were able to realize my plans. My pursuit of breaking free from all conventional societies programming led to this more volatile situation. I was very much at peace and mostly happy, and lived without money for almost two years, living from food scraps and foraging. Eventually in a confused state I left my apartment which I rented in an attempt to be even free from the place I was at home. But I regretted my decision and came back, however I had left the keys and my landlord had taken them back. So I snuck back into the apartment through my neighbors balcony. After a few days I didn't know what to do so and broke into another neighbors empty apartment to use the electricity to make music. And in another not empty apartment for some food. Needless to say, I got discovered and the police came and it ended with me living in an abandoned house for almost a month, before my ex-girlfriend contacted my parents and I traveled back to Sweden. 
On the airplane, something mysterious happened, for a few minutes my reality turned into a version of the 80s. The money, the speech patterns, even those of myself were from the 80s. This I think is direct proof that consensus reality is actually more fragile than we think, something I later realized, though I struggled for a long while to make meaning out of this experience.
Back in Sweden I lived for a few months with my parents searching for jobs, until I moved to an apartment my parents bought. There, I could no longer see any meaning in searching for jobs and entered a state of incapacity to do anything which led to my hospitalization for a few weeks. I got help with getting a person to manage my applications for social aid and could continue my life in the apartment. My depression grew stronger and I was once again in the hospital a few years later for a month or so before I got better and could start to take better care of myself and my home. I had a part time work training at a reconstructed Viking village for a few years before the rules changed and I were no longer allowed there. But before that ended, I discovered the AI tools such as Claude, ChatGPT, and later DeepSeek, Grok and Gemini, with which I have built this website and several others related. Building something for the wellbeing of our world is what gives my life meaning at the moment. I wish I could find more peace and meaning from simply being but it is what it is.


